Programs
https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/java-coding-interview-programs/
Q #1) Write a Java Program to reverse a string without using String inbuilt function. -- completed
Q #2) Write a Java Program to reverse a string without using String inbuilt function reverse(). - completed
Q #3) Write a Java Program to swap two numbers using the third variable.
Q #4) Write a Java Program to swap two numbers without using the third variable.
Q #5) Write a Java Program to count the number of words in a string using HashMap. - completed
Q #6) Write a Java Program to iterate HashMap using While and advance for loop. 
Q #7) Write a Java Program to find whether a number is prime or not.
Q #8) Write a Java Program to find whether a string or number is palindrome or not.
Q #9) Write a Java Program for the Fibonacci series.
Q #10) Write a Java Program to iterate ArrayList using for-loop, while-loop, and advance for-loop.

https://seleniumautomationtester.wordpress.com/2017/03/29/java-programs-asked-in-interviews/
1. Java Program to Find Odd or Even number
2. Java Program to Swap two numbers with using third variable
3. Write a java program to find Prime number
4. Java Program to Find Factorial on Number
5. Java Program to Reverse Number -     Completed
6. Java Program to print Fibonacci Series
7. Write a java program to find Armstrong number
8. Write a java program to find Palindrome number
9. Write a java program to find number of digits in given number
10. Write a java program to find the duplicate words and their number of occurrences in a string - Completed
11. Write a java program to count the number of words in a string - Completed
12. Write a java program to count the total number of occurrences of a given character in a string without using any loop 
13. Write a java program to reverse a string - completed
14. Java Program to Count Occurrences Of Each Character In String
15. Write a java program to find duplicate characters in a string
16. Write a java program to reverse each word of a given string - completed
17. Write a java program to reverse a given string with preserving the position of spaces - completed


https://www.techbeamers.com/java-coding-questions-software-testers/
Question-1: Write code to filter duplicate elements from an array and print as a list.
Question-2: Write code to sort the list of strings using Java collection.
Question-3: Write a function to reverse a number in Java. - completed
Question-4: Write a method to check prime no. in Java.
Question-5: Write a Java program to find out the first two max values from an array.

https://www.qafox.com/java-for-testers-interview-questions-and-answers-part-1/
9) Write a Java program to find the largest number?
13) Write a Java program to find odd and even numbers ?
14) Write a Java program to compare two strings?
18) Write a Java program to print the entered number in reverse? completed
21) Write a Java program to print the alphabets using for loop?

print Hello to IFmmp next letter
program to remove spaces 
convert integer to string vice versa

Learn Automation online 
1. How to reverse a String - Completed
2. How to swap 2 numbers
3. How to reverse a number - Completed
4. how to print triangular pattern
5. how to find the length of a string with or without inbuild method
6. smallest number in array
7. reverse the words in the sentences - Completed
8. how to find whether a element is present in the array or not
9. find the position of an alphabets
10. number of occurances of a character in a string
11. number of occurancs of a word in a string sentence 
12. replace vowels with special character
13. remove leading and tailing spaces without trim
14. find number of vowels in string
15. extract number from a given string and add them
16 find the missing alphabet in the given string
17. convert uppercase to lowercase vice versa without inbuilt method
18. in s2b3 - > ssbbb
19 ssbbb -> s2b3